I bow to all the seekers of truth.
When Bala says that I can give you realization
in a split of a second I have to tell you
that it is you who get it.
You are built in that way like a seed; when
you put it in the Mother Earth it sprouts.
Whom will you give the credit -- the seed
or the Mother Earth?
Without the Mother Earth the seed cannot sprout
and it does not mean that if you put a stone
in the Mother Earth it will sprout.
So the credit is not to anyone but it is a
process which is built within us through ages
of our seeking.
We have been seekers in previous lives and
before that we have been seeking.
Even when we were amoeba we were seeking.
That's how we have become a human being.
And now we have reached a stage where we are
human beings and we are seekers of truth.
This is the epitome of the highest that any
human being can reach where he is seeking.
As a human being when we are born we are quite
aware that we are higher than animals, that
we have capacities much more than animals
have.
We are quite aware of our being as a human
being but this awareness that we have is still
not complete because we are still in confusion.
We do not know why we are on this earth.
We do not know what we have to achieve.
We do not know what mistakes we are committing
or this is right or that is right.
A man lands up himself into confusion because
of ignorance.
Now this ignorance, as has been described
by all the prophets and saints, is just a
myth, like if you have darkness here that
doesn't mean it exists, but because there
is no light.
In the negation of the light gives you the
darkness.
Where is the light, and how do we awaken it?
This question has been very much looked into
by thousands and thousands of people earlier
also, and thousands of years back people have
bothered to find out where is this light and
how do we awaken it.
Now this light is within us because they found
it, and the method they have said also is
within us because they knew about it.
But this knowledge was quite a big secret
for many years, thousands of years, and was
not given to people because people were not
ready to accept it and to take advantage of
it.
But we should not say that it was not said.
It was very clearly said in most of the scriptures
that you are to be born again.
Unless and until you know yourself you cannot
know God.
First you know yourself and then you will
know God Almighty.
For example, supposing we are coming to Birmingham
and we do not know the way, and we get lost.
We can come here, can be brought properly,
but the car that you are driving, you don't
know the car.
You don't know how to drive.
You don't know the way.
Then how are you to reach the right place?
If everything is missing, how can you say
that you can reach Birmingham without any
knowledge about it?
In the same way, if you have no knowledge
of yourself itself, how can you know God when
you have not known yourself?
It is very logical, and extremely simple logic
should tell you that you do not know about
yourself.
People become mad and when they are absolutely
gone cases they end up into lunatic asylum.
But when it starts they do not know.
They get cancer diseases, terminal diseases
of the worst type, and they don't know how
to overcome it.
Till they have reached their last stage they
do not even feel it.
Suddenly they discover, "O God, I have this
disease."
So we do not know even our physical being
that when it is hurt, when it is in danger,
when it is diseased we have no idea.
We do not know our mental being either.
When we are impressed by other people we start
behaving like them.
When they mesmerize us, we start following
them.
We are not aware that we have no mind of our
own; we are just following something that
is very aggressive and that's how we accept
it.
If you are accepting something about which
you have no idea just because you are impressed
by somebody's personality or the way he talks
or the way he comes to you, then definitely
your mind you do not know.
Like Hitler, he came with funny ideas.
He told people that, "We are a very great
race and we have a right to kill everyone
and to put the people in the gas chamber."
They accepted.
How can you accept such a mass massacre of
people like that?
But they did accept.
The reason was they did not know what is their
mind.
We do not know our emotions also.
We say, "This is my son.
I'll give my life for this son.
I'll do this for him.
This is my daughter.
This is my father."
But when it comes to selfishness everything
drops out.
So we do not also know our emotions.
If we had known we would not talk like that.
Every moment we are changing our mood from
this to that.
Sometimes we are happy with that person.
Then we are very unhappy.
Then we become enemy of that person.
We fight for that person first.
We say, "No, this is my brother," and then
we say, "No, he is my enemy."
Why?
Because both of them do not know their mind.
So first we must know ourselves by which we
get the light to know all these things.
Now what is that self?
What is that Spirit, that Atma about which
all the great people have talked?
Where does it reside within us?
It resides in our heart.
Now when I say this, you need not accept Me.
In these modern times nothing should be accepted
blindfolded.
It's very dangerous.
That's how you have fallen into traps of so
many wrong people.
When I say that you should only have an open
mind of a scientist, to see whatever Mother
is saying is true or not.
Now the time has come that God can be proved
scientifically.
The science of Sahaja Yoga can prove that
there is God.
there is self, the spirit.
It can prove all the saints and prophets who
came on this earth told the truth.
It can prove that whatever is said about the
miracles of God is all true.
The time is like that.
Only our mind doesn't go to that side.
We don't want to know about it.
We don't want to understand it.
Now this is a special time which is described.
This is a very, very special time which has
been prophesized by so many.
Every one of them, those who were great saints,
have.
They have to be great saints or real saints,
as we say Sat-Guru [Hindi word meaning True
Master].
Those prophets who were real prophets, they
all have said that the time is going to come
when you are going to be resurrected.
Mohammed Sahib has said, "At the time of resurrection
your hands will speak."
Very clearly he has talked about resurrection
throughout, but who is bothered to know that?
They all only want to talk about the doomsday
so that everybody is frightened.
Another is that we talk of the day when you
are all going to be damned into something
because you should be all frightened and you
should just go under their clutches and surrender
yourself so that these people who will be
destroyed first are going to save you.
People have made money out of God.
Imagine!
How can you have an enterprise in the name
of God?
How can you make money in the name of God?
I mean, how does it go into your logics?
I can't understand that you can pay money.
How can you intellectualize God?
It's amazing the way they are intellectualizing
Christ and believing Paul was nothing but
an intellectual.
Why is he there in the Bible?
I can't understand he should not have been
there.
That way, we Indians are sensible.
We had Guru Nanak who wrote Guru Granth Sahab.
He has taken all the poets who are realized
souls.
Not one is none realized.
We don't listen to people who are not realized,
who are not of a great evolved state.
But this Mr Paul has come inside there, and
now he's challenging Christ and his miracles.
What does he know?
He is not a realized soul.
If he's not a realized soul how can he talk
about God?
He has no business.
He has no right.
None of these people who authorize themselves,
get elected and selected as big Brahmins and
big pundits and big bishops and Popes and
others, they are nowhere near God.
They are not realized people, are they?
What realization have they got?
They are just interested in politics, economics
and all nonsense that is not God's job.
But we get into their traps.
Be careful.
You are seekers of truth and not of something
that is ignorance.
We have had enough of ignorance.
Any person who has any power will never succumb
or compromise with untruth.
That is first sign of a person who is a realized
soul.
He is not bothered, even if you put him to
jail, you crucify him, poison him, do what
you like.
And this is what surprises me.
How do you like such people and adore such
people for compromising and meek and taking
to all kinds of falsehood?
Take the case of Christ.
Did He compromise?
Did not!
Any time, He never compromised.
What I am saying about Paul was said by Kahil
Gibran.
Openly he said it in his book, "The Son of
Man" or something like that, he clearly says,
"This Paul, a strange man."
I don't understand.
He's not a man with a free will.
It's true anybody who is a realized soul can
see this, and all those who follow him are
following falsehood and making others follow
him.
I must tell you God is not an enterprise.
Remember that.
If you understand that God doesn't understand
money at all.
Is your headache.
You better deal with money, not Him.
So in Sahaja Yoga people say, "Mother, what
about money?"
I say, "What money?
How much money you pay to the Mother Earth
to sprout the seed?
You pay that much to Me.
If Mother Earth can take for her love any
money, you can give me some money."
How can you talk like this?
This is ridiculous.
It is ridiculous.
So there is no money.
That is nonsense.
There is no effort, either.
See what effort do we put in?
It's a living process and for a living process
what effort are you going to put?
What effort did we put to become human beings?
Nothing!
Effortless!
Sahaja Samadhi Lago.
Sahaj is born with you.
Sahaja, born with you.
So what is there for people to put in effort?
It is He who does all the jobs.
What work do we do?
In our ego we think, "I have done this.
I have done that."
What?
A tree must have died and you make a platform.
So what?
Dead from the dead!
What else have we done?
Then you make a chair and sit on the chair.
You can't sit on the garden, floor.
The other day somebody was interviewing on
the BBC.
Poor thing!
You see, they were trying to arrange a platform
and I sat very comfortably, but he had such
aches and cramp.
He couldn't even ask me proper questions because
he can't sit on the platform.
He said, "Mother I have never sat on a platform
all my life," because now he must carry a
chair with him on his head.
So one must understand that this dead is going
to make us slaves.
What we do is to create dead out of dead and
think, "Oh, I have done this.
We have done that."
Can you transform a flower into a fruit?
Can you?
One flower?
What can I describe?
The glory of God!
There's no words.
Just think that every human being gets a child
according to the family.
Who does that job?
Imagine!
Imagine that child has cells developed.
There's thousands of cells: some for the nose,
some for the eyes, some for the hands.
How it develops automatically -- Sahaja.
What do you do?
Spontaneous!
Do you give any treatment to the child or
give any suggestions to the child?
The One who does all these things, how can
you describe His glory?
And you challenge Him.
Here we are, like Newton has said in a very
humble way, collecting the pebbles on the
shores of knowledge.
That's what we are.
And so we have to know, only thing that we
can become is a drop in the ocean and become
the ocean so that all our angularities drop
out.
This is the only thing we have to achieve.
But for that also, God has made all arrangements
so sweetly within us.
He has made us so beautifully; he has created
us so beautifully within ourselves.
This is the picture of that tree of life which
is still dormant within you, and the Kundalini
that is the Holy Ghost is described, is in
the triangular bone.
Now this Kundalini has to rise, just like
a primule in a seed, or you can say the germinating
power, and she rises through six centers,
comes out of your fontanel bone area and gives
you the Cool Breeze, from your body, from
your head.
For that you need not change your dress.
You need not put up any show.
Nothing.
It is something inside that happens.
Kabira has described, "Shunya shikhar par
anahad baaje."
On
the silent apex there is the percussion of
Anahata.
Anahat is this "lub-dub" of the heart you
feel there.
And then when it breaks you start getting
the cool breeze coming out of your head.
If you call it, miracle.
It is a miracle, but to Me it is not.
It's all there.
It is built in.
There are thousand and one miracles we see
morning till evening.
We are not surprised and this is also the
great thing that God has done, that you all
have to get your Self-realization.
The time has come.
This is the time of judgment, a special time,
a blossom time when thousands of you have
to get your realization.
First of all we have to know that we must
get the light within ourselves.
Then one can tell you all about the chakras
and the nadis and everything.
Like the light here has to be put on first,
and then one can tell you about the history
and how it came and about everything else,
but very easy to get the light.
Now the other day somebody asked me a question,
"Mother it used to take thousands of years
for people to get realization.
They used to be born again and again and all
that."
I said, "That was all right."
Because on the tree of life first there were
one or two flowers only, but today you all
have come through all that.
Now that background is with you.
You are just cashing your background with
Me.
I am just like a banker sitting here.
But even you feel that you don't have a background.
You have it.
You don't know what background you must have
had that you have become a human being, and
on top of that you are a seeker.
You might done some mistakes, doesn't matter.
After all, human beings are only going to
make mistakes.
So we are not to feel guilty.
That is one thing I have to make very humble
request that we are not going to feel guilty
at all.
Today, somehow or other, the time has become
very short for Me.
Your train times have to change.
You have to go to London tonight, and I will
start the program of giving realization to
you.
But there will be some people here who will
look after you, fulfill all your questions
and do everything.
They have become experts and sometimes they
are more effective than Me.
Especially in India you see, and here I find
that somehow I, being a very gentle Mother,
people do not take things seriously.
Mother may be gentle but She can be very forceful,
and you all should take your realization because
the power of love is the highest that suits
you, controls you, makes you a higher personality.
We have never used the power of love so far.
We have only used the power of hatred.
The power of love just flows.
That is, not to be seen but to be felt as
cool breeze all around, is called as Rutambhara
Pragya -- in Sanskrit language, is called
as the All Pervading Power of God's love.
Is called as Brahma, is called as so many
Nirakaar sakshat brahma, but all these things
are to be felt.
It acts so that you get cured of your troubles.
It acts so that you are mentally a very happy
and a satisfied person that you rise into
joy.
It acts through your attention that wherever
you put your attention it cures; it makes
a person innocent.
As Christ has said, "Thou shalt not have adulterous
eyes."
Where are those people?
Where do we find those people who have no
adulterous eyes?
But you get purified..
Your eyes get purified, and you have those
eyes that when you put those eyes on anybody
he gets his realization.
That sort of a personality you develop.
You are so great and glorified by God.
Just achieve what is inside you.
Just get it, manifest it.
But truth has to be manifested on your central
nervous system.
Not just talk, talk, talk, talk, talk.
No mental projection, but you must feel it
on your central nervous system and you have
to become your own master.
That's what when happens then you say you
are a self-realized person.
It's not that you do all kinds of bad things
and say that, "Oh I am great."
Not so.
You really become embodiment of virtue, embodiment
of righteousness and you lose that capacity
to be tempted by nonsense.
Nor do you allow any habits to come over you.
Such a powerful, compassionate personality
you develop and the whole personality beams
with that and you can see it clearly.
You don't become a miserable bony structure,
as they put up of Christ, but you really become
like the one Michelangelo has done -- that
sort of a great personality.
When they put up such a picture know that
they are miserable creatures themselves.
Ask them if they can carry the cross themselves
that they can put up such a picture of Christ.
They have done harm to everyone, not only
to Christ; to all the great prophets when
they lived and when they died.
They are still harming them by giving wrong
ideas about them, by making money out of them,
by spreading hatred out of them.
Anything extreme is wrong.
You have to be in the center.
You have to be moderate and it acts and works
out.
May God bless you all.
Today I am sorry I won't allow you to ask
Me questions because there's no time today.
I'm sorry I didn't have so much time, but
what we can do is to leave someone here for
you, whom you can ask questions.
Best is to get your realization.
That will work it out and let's see how much
time it takes.
Actually, Kundalini takes split of a second
to rise, split of a second.
But where?
In Indian villages.
I don't know about Birmingham.
Let us see how it works out.
But you have many people here who are already
realized souls sitting and it should take
no time for you to be that.
But don't start thinking about it.
It is beyond thought.
It is in thoughtless awareness you have to
rise but you don't have to fight your thoughts.
You become thoughtlessly aware.
You become -- again I say you have to become,
it's not just a mental projection or a certificate,
"born again", and behaving like a stupid fool.
Or, "I am such and such guru," wearing his
mala and the guru and the shishas going to
hell, taking two running jumps that way.
That's not it.
It's such a funny sight when you see those
people, the chelas of the gurus the way they
are.
Just can't believe it.
The guru has befooled them and they have really
become fools and stupid people.
So be careful.
You have to become your own guru.
I am just your Mother.
I am here to give you your realization.
As far as the Mother Earth gives sprouting
to the seed, that's all.
There's no obligation, nothing of the kind.
It's your own.
You have it and enjoy it.
Only thing after this, as yoga has one meaning,
the Union with the Divine, and another is
the deftness, the art of handling this power
of God.
The Divine Power, the Divine Laws, this is
the, another meaning.
That is in Sanskrit it's Kaushalam.
It's the deftness, the technique, the technicalities.
Not of how to handle a car but how to handle
this power, this great power that starts flowing
through you.
You become like the flute of Shri Krishna,
egoless, and you enjoy that egoless state.
That's what you all are for and you should
get it.
May God bless you.
Question from a seeker.
Shri Mataji: Just a minute, I'll tell you
now.
Sit down, sit down.
It's very simple, you see.
Your question is all right but is not thought
out.
But you understand how you have not thought
Now just a minute, now in this light there
is a lamp and a light coming out, all right?
Now you think about your question again.
What is it?
What are you asking me?
All right!
God is everywhere, all right?
I can't understand what he is talking about.
Bala: Mother I don't think this is the time
to discuss...
Shri Mataji: All right, you can discuss with
him later on.
All right, we'll give you a full chance.
What is he trying to say?
Just tell me.
One minute.
Bala: He is saying that the Kundalini is wholly
within the body but God is everywhere.
How can you awaken something which is within?
Shri Mataji: But that I will show you....
Bala: On the assumption that God is everywhere.
Shri Mataji: I mean, God is everywhere.
Now see, it's very simple.
I'll tell you.
It's like this.
There is ether everywhere, all right, but
how is it that only the radio receives the
programs?
Why do you have a radio?
You can receive yourself.
After all, ether is everywhere.
It's very simple.
I mean, you have not used your brains at all.
When asking the questions use your brains.
Comment from questioner: "Let the people receive
the"....
Shri Mataji: Now you should not be -- Hello,
sir, you should not be aggressive.
There are many who want it.
Let it be.
We are going to give you time.
I will tell you all about it.
Why you are for the people?
Are you representing them?
How are you talking for people?
Who wants to hear his lecture?
Is there anyone?
No one wants you.
Please go away.
Useless man, does nothing for you.
From where they come, God knows.
Must be from some guru paid by them.
That's all, nothing else.
They earn money and that's how they manage.
They earn money; good advertisements by some
people put them up.
Some of them came to kill Me because you see
they are enterprisers.
So, they think when I say, "You can't give
money," you see.
In Marathi we say that, or in Hindi we say,
"Pate pe pair aana."
You see, his earnings are hurt.
They don't like Me.
It's all right.
I'll have to say what I have to say.
I am not afraid of them.
All right, please take out your shoes.
It's not that only I can raise the Kundalini.
You see, ego gets challenged by that.
I don't mean that.
If you get your realization you can give.
Actually there's one gentleman in Maharashtra
who has raised the Kundalini of ten thousand
people, but one light has to enlighten another
light.
What is wrong in that?
And then another light can enlighten just
another light.
But the one that is not enlightened has to
get their light from someone.
In that their ego is hurt.
They don't mind taking dole from the government
but if somebody tries to raise their Kundalini,
his ego is hurt.
Such self-respecting people, I can't understand.
It's a great blessing that somebody's raising
your Kundalini.
Where do you get people these days?
They only want to have all your money, that's
all.
Who does that?
Have you met anyone?
If you have met anyone like Me, please tell
Me.
I haven't met one.
It's not that I am something great, but this
is the fact.
This is the truth that somebody has to do
it without any selfish interest.
It has to be done.
It's a job of a person who has no selfish
interest.
It's just the love, the compassion.
So, how can you challenge that?
It is there.
It will act and work out.
All right, so settle down little bit.
Don't be upset with this gentleman.
It's all right.
They are always there to upset.
Only one is not to fight.
Now what you have to do take out your shoes,
simple.
What I say, you just do it and it will work
out.
Have faith in yourself.
First of all, have faith in yourself.
Forgive yourself.
Don't feel guilty.
I have told you before now, "Don't feel guilty.
Don't feel guilty."
All of you are capable of this Kundalini awakening.
So, please don't feel guilty.
Just know that everyone can get realization.
Everyone can become a guru and everyone can
give realizations to others.
Is a fact.
This has happened.
But if you want to sit on the fence, you go
ahead with it because I have to gain nothing
out of you.
Be sure on that.
You see, it's a subtle type of a ego that
works in people.
What do you have to give Me?
Supposing I say I want something, then it's
all right, but there's no shop here.
It's a temple.
In a temple you have to get something and
you don't go and fight with someone in a temple,
do you?
All right!
So now close your eyes.
Put your hands like this, just like this.
You don't have to do anything.
Effortless!
It's effortless.
Don't fight your thoughts.
Don't fight anything.
Just let your attention be loose.
Kundalini itself will rise.
You don't have to do anything.
Just have faith in yourself, that's all, that
you are going to get it.
Now
one thing you have to do is to remember that
the left hand is for your desire, desire power,
which they will explain to you later, and
the right hand is for awakening of the Kundalini
in the way that it goes into action.
It gives release to your different centers
by which the Kundalini rises easily.
It's very simple thing.
So, put your right hand on your heart.
Put your right hand on your heart.
Now, as I said, the Spirit resides in your
heart but God Almighty, the seat of God Almighty,
is on top of your head where you have a very
soft bone in your childhood called Talu.
He resides there.
But His reflection, the Spirit, resides in
your heart.
So here you have to say, or ask Me a question
with full confidence again, not counting your
sins or anything, but knowing that you are
a seeker and you are going to be blessed into
the Kingdom of God.
With all that dignity as a question to Me
-- you can call Me Shri Mataji or you can
call me Mother, whatever you like -- "Mother,
am I the spirit?"
Three times.
Three times, ask a question.
You are the spirit, but you have to just ask
the question.
There's no harm in asking.
Please keep your eyes shut because Kundalini
won't rise if you, if you keep your eyes shut.
Please have respect for yourself because you
are the spirit.
So just ask Me a question, "Mother, am I the
spirit?"
We all have to become that.
That is the epitome of our evolution.
We all have to become the spirit.
Now second position of the hand should be
on the stomach on the left hand side.
We work on the left hand side.
On the upper part of the stomach on the left
hand side you have to say again a question,
"Mother, am I my own master?
Am I my own guru," because logically if you
are the spirit you become your own master.
All these great masters reside within us.
So they bless you for that.
Now with full confidence, without feeling
guilty, just ask Me a question, "Mother, am
I my own master?
Am I my own guru?"
All the great gurus are there within us.
This is a very important center.
Now ask this question three times.
Now take this right hand down on to the lower
part of the stomach, abdomen, and press it
hard a little.
This is a very important Swadhistana chakra
on the left hand side and it is related to
the second part of yoga that I told you -- the
deftness, the technique of the true knowledge.
Here I must confess I cannot cross your freedom.
You are free to choose.
So you have to ask that you want this true
knowledge and you have to say, "Mother, please
give me my true knowledge.
Give me Shuddha Vidya.
Mother, give me true knowledge.
Give me absolute knowledge.
Give me pure knowledge."
You have to say it six times because this
center has got six petals.
These are like lotuses and they have six petals.
In the same way it looks after the aortic
plexus in the gross and it has got six sub-plexuses.
Now please raise your hand again back to the
same position on the stomach on the left hand
side, that is the upper portion of the stomach,
upper portion of the abdomen on the left hand
side, please, again.
Putting the left hand there where it was.
Now here again you have to assert because
you have asked for the true knowledge, so
at this center of the guru there are ten gurus;
there are ten masters.
Or we can say there are ten valences human
being have got.
So, you put your hand on that center on the
left hand side and you have to ten times assert,
"Mother, I am my own master.
Mother, I am my own guru."
That's what people don't like.
They want to be subservient of somebody who
is not a realized soul because a realized
soul never makes you subservient; he makes
you higher and higher.
"Mother, I am my own guru."
Say it ten times, please.
Now please do not feel guilty.
Even if you have been to wrong gurus, whatever
has happened has happened.
Forget it.
Don't blame yourself for that.
Just say, "Mother, please make me my guru."
First of all as you have said it, now you
say, "Mother, I am my own guru."
Say it ten times.
Now raise your right hand.
It's like a play, I tell you.
It's just a leela.
It works out so well.
Now put your right hand on the heart again.
Now you have to assert ten times with full
confidence, "Mother, I am the spirit."
With full confidence please say.
Don't you worry.
Many people think we have to cleanse this,
cleanse that.
You leave it to Me, all those things.
You just say whatever I tell you, please,
believing in yourself, "Mother I am the spirit."
This you have to say twelve times because
this center has got twelve petals.
This is the heart chakra, is called as the
anahat chakra, twelve times.
Now raise this hand to the base of your neck
and place it on your shoulder from the front
side in the corner where the neck and the
shoulder meet.
Put it tight.
This is the center gets caught up when you
feel guilty which is very badly caught up
just now.
What is there to feel guilty?
Now take the hand from the front side, from
the front side on the left hand, front side,
not this way across, front across.
[Aside: No.
Left hand towards Me and right hand like this
and hold it tight, yes.
This gentleman is not knowing, you just - this
hand like this and this hand like that.
Can you do it, please?
Left hand towards Me.
Yes, left hand towards Me like that, left
hand towards Me.
Yes, correct and right hand here.
That's good.
Now this is a very important center what we
call the Vishuddhi chakra on the left hand
side.
Those who suffer from this center get all
the diseases like angina and rheumatic heart
and all those things where there's a slow
movement of the circulation.
So please say sixteen times, "Mother, I am
not guilty."
You have to be pleasantly approaching towards
God's Kingdom, isn't it?
You should be pleasant about it.
What is there to be so sad or to be so gloomy
about?
So just say, "Mother, I am not guilty," sixteen
times, and if you still continue with that
kind of a thing is better that you say hundred
and eight times to punish yourself.
Please say, "Mother, I am not guilty."
Be pleasant about it.
There's nothing to be upset about yourself.
All the time you have condemned yourself for
nothing at all.
Believe me, you have done nothing wrong that
cannot be forgiven by God because God is the
ocean of love.
He is the ocean of compassion.
He is the ocean of forgiveness.
What can you do that it cannot wash away these
little specks?
Some people say that it is difficult to forgive
but just see what is the logic behind it.
What do we do when we do not forgive?
What do we do when we forgive?
Nothing!
It's a myth.
We are just torturing ourselves.
So just say, "Mother I forgive everyone,"
with your heart in it.
Please forgive everyone.
To forgive is Divine, and really, that's a
fact.
You'll feel much lighter if you forgive.
Now you have to put your hand on top of your
head for a while, just for a while, pressing
the palm of your hand on top of the fontanel
area or the soft bone or the talu and press
it in a clockwise manner and move it so that
your scalp also moves in a clockwise manner.
Press it hard.
Seven times you have to press it.
Before that you just say without feeling guilty
again, without confidence before entering
into the Kingdom of God that, "Oh God, please
forgive me if I have done any mistakes," but
don't feel any way guilty about it.
Just say it three times.
Now here at the top of the head you have to
cross the gross into the subtle.
You have to enter into the Kingdom of God.
For that I cannot force you.
I cannot push you in.
You have to ask for it.
So again you have to say, "Mother, I want
my realization.
Please give me self-realization.
Mother, please give me Atma Shakshatkaar."
Just press it hard, seven times.
Now you can take down your hand.
Put your left hand on top of your head.
Pay attention there, about four inches above.
And now see if there's a cool breeze coming
out.
Keep your eyes shut.
[Mother breathes into the microphone] You
start feeling a cool breeze on top of your
head.
Just move it up and down.
Now don't get upset you are not feeling it
-- Vishuddhi.
If you are feeling any cool breeze, well and
good.
Even it you are not feeling you should not
worry.
There might be heat coming out.
First, there's a lot of heat in the body.
Let it come out.
Let the heat come out.
You can change your hand and see if there
is cool breeze coming in.
If it is coming you can put down your hand.
Little higher!
Move it up and down or move backwards and
forwards.
All right?
Good.
Now put your hands like this.
Now putting the hands towards Me, you have
to ask Me a question again sixteen times,
I am sorry, "Mother, am I the part and parcel
of the whole?
Mother, am I the part and parcel of the whole?"
[Aside: that will work out for Vishuddhi].
Now I will tell you how to raise your own
Kundalini and keep it there because it has
stuck.
I know it has stuck.
Still you may not feel it.
Some may feel it.
There are many Sahaja Yogis here who will
help you how to do it.
They'll tell you, but there's very simple
which you should follow every day to raise
your Kundalini and keep it in proper place.
It's first of all, just hold it.
You have to put your left hand in front of
your Kundalini, just like this, how to raise
it.
That is -- [Aside: should we give them a bandhan
first of all?
All right!
Doesn't matter.]
Now you put your right hand here and go on
moving it just like that.
Take it on top of your head.
Push it back your head and make a -- that's
it.
This is the first way we raise our Kundalini.
Everybody should try because then they will
say, "We didn't feel it.
We didn't have."
It's very simple.
Now this is what in the Bible they said that
when the Holy Ghost blessed them they started
speaking in strange languages, means the languages
of the chakras, and they moving their hands
in a funny manner.
This is the way because that's how you raise
the Kundalini.
Even the children were doing.
I saw them.
They are -- some of them are born realized
so they themselves were trying all the things,
so -- but we are grown-ups, you see.
So we are too much up here.
Now let us be humbled down and take it.
This is the first time we push back our head.
That's one.
Again second time.
This is, we are raising our Kundalini.
You'll see the vibrations will increase.
Second time.
Third time, three times we have to give, beautiful.
Three times we have to give a knot, beautiful,
one, two and three.
Now see your hands.
Are they feeling cool breeze?
In the hands, feeling it, yes.
[Mother speaks in Hindi] If it is not coming
you should not be dishonest.
You have to get it.
You should not be dishonest to yourself.
You should be kind to yourself and as a result
of that sometimes, you know, people think,
"Oh, I haven't got it.
So what!"
It's nothing wrong with Sahaja Yoga.
It's something wrong with you.
Either you are egoistical or you are conditioned.
Either you are not well or there's something
going in your minds which is against, or some
sort of a thing that works out.
I have seen there was a gentleman who asked
me, "Why I can't get it?"
He was a very frivolous man and I didn't want
to tell him that, "You are frivolous."
Another one was thinking no end
of himself.
So just see if you are feeling.
Is it so simple?
[Mother speaks in Hindi] Taking the name of
Nanaka himself, you see, such a great primordial
master born on this earth.
Just taking his name itself, the Kundalini
rises.
[Mother speaks in Hindi] He was the same as
Mohammed Sahib.
He was the same as Abraham.
He was the same as Moses.
Why are you fighting?
Just see this.
All right, I am sorry I have to catch a train
because there is some sort of an emergency
for Me to go to London but here is Warren.
He is Dr Warren Reeves.
I call him Warren because he is like my son,
he -- they are all My children.
He is here to satisfy your mind.
If you have any questions you can write to
him.
If you have not felt the vibrations don't
go away.
Raise your hands.
There are at least here thirty to forty Sahaja
Yogis who have been imported.
Now we have to import people from Birmingham
to London.
So there are so many have come.
Please just listen to them.
You can outbeat them in no time.
There is nothing to feel bad and this is how
you are going to achieve, that is being prophesized.
And now you can ask a question, "Is there
God?"
Ask a question, "Is the God miraculous?
All the miracles of Christ -- are they correct?"
Real, ask a question and you'll get the answer
as tremendous vibrations.
You become a computer which is living computer.
That's how you can prove everything.
Everything can be proved.
May God bless you all.
There are people here.
Dr Warren will tell you about it.
He is going to stay on.
He has given realization to I don't know how
many thousands people in Australia, but somehow
Australians are very much in the center.
I must say Australians are very different.
English now think that they have punished
Australians; so now they are great.
It's not so.
In Australia great saints are born.
So in England also but we have to become.
So the becoming is the point.
We have a very nice center in Birmingham and
I've been coming to this hall I don't know
how many times, and to Birmingham.
I hope you people become the tree.
Now the seed has sprouted but just don't give
it up.
Become the tree.
That's very important; otherwise it's just
a waste and is a sin against yourself if you
do that.
So may God bless you.
I don't think you have questions.